---
id: v.1.0.X
title: MXC Supernodes v.1
sidebar_label: Version 1
---

## v. 1.0.4
*January 31, 2020*

Our 1.0.4 release improves both gateway and device management in MXC Supernodes by squashing more abnoxious bugs. These included:

* Setting requirements for application names (so that you can add applications)
* Gateway profile detail not appearing for some users
* Fixed service profile management for Supernode Operators
* Create Gatweay page not loading

## v. 1.0.3
*January 21, 2020*

This release fixes the following bugs:

* Create gateway generating an unknown error
* Update gateway generating an unknown error
* Create gateway button unresponsive for some users

## v. 1.0.2

*January 17, 2020*

It's anoter bug squashing update! For this release we focused on cleaning up the new UI. Specific fixes include:

* Updated translations
* Updated sidebar for Supernode Operators
* Repaired a bug with user registration
* Cleaned up misc. error stream on login
* Organization tables not updating with new organizations
* Inability to change ETH account

## v. 1.0.0

*January 15, 2020*
This is a massive update! First we merged the UI of the M2M Wallet with the LPWAN Server, making the entire system mobile friendly. Then we modified Top-Up to ensure that you can only top up your MXC if you paired your wallet with your supernode account. We also improved the staking experience so that you're able to unstake and restake your MXC.

<!--truncate-->

Naturally we fixed a number of bugs along the way, including:

* Issues with users seeing incorrect staking or balance numbers
* New organizations can now be added to the organization list
* Fixed missing or incorrect translations
* Fixed inconsistencies between admin settings and what users see
* Many, many more bugs

### Upcoming Features

We're improving LPWAN device management and adding MQTT connectivity so that device owners can easily connect their data with a visualization platform.

### Some Known Issues

* Some translations may be incorrect or missing in the new UI.
* Supernode Operators are unable to see LPWAN devices under organizations in their supernode
* When registering, if a duplicate organization name is used, the page doesn’t load
* Random numbers in breadcrumbs
* Users unable to reset password on their own (requires Supernode Admin)
* Some users reported issues with LPWAN device management 